The first boss India chains.
event and Varan Tau
Today, !!
Gathering with attempted stabilize
Lur Read
A söylage was arranged, and emails were shipped via local station.
On 12 October 2, manufacturer's official battle will be held.
I'm sorry to disturb you when you are waiting among the enemies.
It seems that the number of the aircraft and locomotives that have already lost their lives in the anti-aircraft attack of the two Japanese is really large.
The number of locomotives is 27.
The number of passengers, passengers, and passengers is 1200.
They are not destroyed, so they are actually having a great experience and activity.
The number of soldiers or voice of the Chinese army is three times higher than the number of people.
We haven't found the exact number yet, but it is expected that it will be more than 200,000 later.
It is very pleasant for our broadcast to hear such a sound today.
We will use the radio that you can hear well tonight.
Here, the Chinese army's Himeasu Sanbo is on the line for the early morning.
They were deliberately in front of the microphone.
Dear passengers, we will send you a performance from the front line.
We would like to invite you to watch a live performance from the front line in many parks.
Then, we will introduce the Himeasu Sanbo.
Many of the areas that are used to build the southern border of the Himeasu Sanbo are the areas of the Tsukuba.
In particular, the Great War is taking place in the western part of the country.
Many of the experts in the western part of the country are participating in the construction of the border.
Thank you.